Update root level README (#70)
spheronFdn/sdk: README.md

  </a>
</p>

---

> Spheron's developer toolkit includes packages that makes it easy to build decentralized applications (dapps):

Reviewer: Wording seems a bit off, does this make more sense maybe?
```suggestion
Spheron's developer toolkit includes packages that make it easier to build decentralized applications (dapps):
```

> The Spheron developer toolkits include two packages that can help you build decentralized applications (dapps) on the web3 network:

Reviewer: I would just remove the `two` word, so
`The Spheron developer toolkits includes packages...`.
Just so we do not need to update it the next time we add a new package :D

Author: Sure 😂
